How did Junior Brother Lin recognize this person?
Senior brother, this person is the fool prince of my family
He was a fool
No wonder he brought a dog with him
A fool also accompanies the Open Air Sect to listen to this joke, hahaha
This is not a kennel
Take your dog clean sensibly
It seems that the lesson given to Young Master Hai last time was not good enough
Why do you want to experience the Satoshi of Broken Hands again?
Cut the crap
This young master's injury has been healed by the master
It's even more broken
In one fell swoop, he achieved a state of heavy positivity
And I'm just a little Qi training
Say more
Peel your skin, be quiet
Be careful here
Shicheng Lin Family Lin Yang wants to join Tianzong
This senior brother is not here to participate in Tianzong
He's just here to make trouble.
Lao Jiu
You know him?
Of course I know this son, this son is narrow-minded
Abolish my apprentice
If anyone accepts him for entry
Is that against your wife?
Ah.
If that's the case, you can leave.
Our Tianzong
I will not accept a disciple with inferior conduct like you
Tianzong used to be a peak human sect
It stands to reason to recruit talents
Why don't you give me a chance?
Hahahaha
You also know that my Tianzong is the largest in the world
We only accept Tianjiao.
Don't accept trash like you
How do you know I'm not arrogant?
Hahaha
Don't go
Then I will show you what Tianjiao is today.
What is a level 8 talent?
Level 8 Talent
Now in Tianzong
Only the Great Elder is a level 8 talent
Other elders only have level 7 talent
Unexpectedly, another level-eight genius appeared
Lao Jiu
I didn't expect you to pick up a baby in Shicheng
Hahahaha Second Senior Brother, you are laughing
Haha, Junior Brother Harlin is indeed talented
A and B will definitely become the middle fluid of Tianzong in ten days
Hmm, bastard.
Open your dog's eyes and take a look
This is the realm between Tianjiao and you
The difference hahaha
I thought it was amazing
It's just a level 8 talent, right?
Haha, then you go up and try it.
The aptitude of the deity is not enough to be tested by a statue
daring madman
Pardon me?